Staging/2111 release notes clean (#1232)
o3de/o3de.org: content/docs/release-notes/archive/_index.md

| Version     |  Link                                           | Date of Release    |
|-------------|-------------------------------------------------|--------------------|

> | 2107.1      | [21.11 Release Notes](./21-11-release-notes)     | 12/2/2021          |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| 2107.1      | [2111.1 Release Notes](./21-11-release-notes)     | 12/2/2021          |
```

| 2107.1      | [2107.1 Release Notes](./2107-1-release-notes)   | 7/6/2021           |

> **Note**: Source versions use the `XXXX.X` numbering model. Binary releases use the `XX.XX` numbering model, where the decimal place is moved to the left by 2 values from the original source code version, and any values after 4 are truncated.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{{< note >}}
Source versions use the `XXXX.X` numbering model. Binary releases use `XX.XX FriendlyName` names, where the decimal place is moved to the left by 2 values from the original source code version.
{{< /note >}}
```
